26-Aug-2024:
Java keywords:

abstract
boolean : true or false
break : 
byte: -127 to 128
case: 
catch: used to catch the exception
char: hold the charecters
class:to decalre a class
continue: for continue the loop
default:it will be used in the swicth case to specifiy the default block of code.
do: it used for ontrol statment with while loop
double:used to hold the value of 64 bit.
else:It can be used with if altenrative of if conidtion
enum:  it is a java keyword it used fpr fixed set of constants , construcors private or default.
extends: For deriving from another class
final:It can holds a variable it is used retsrict the user from updating the value.
     variable , method, class
finally: it will be exicuted always with try block.
float:
for:It is loop  used exicute the set of  functions repeatedly.
if: conditiona based control statement
implements :to implement and interface
import: 
package : 
    java --> lang--> String, System
	     --> util--> Arraylist,Map
		 --> awt  -->Button
instanceof : used to test whether the object is an instance of specfied class or implements and interface.
int: 32 bit size numbers can hold.
interface:It can have only abstract methods.
long: It will hold 64 biit size value
native:  used specify a method 
new: it is used to create an object
null: it is reserved word for literal values to use across the class or methods to change it
package:to declare java package that includeds the java classes
      java.lang. System.class , String.class
private: it is sued for methods, variables, constructors.
protected: accessible with in the package not outside the package and  outside the package through inheritance
public:Accessible for evrywhere
return:   it used to exit the method 
short :hold the values up to 2 byts (16 bits) -32768 to 32767
static: declares at variables methods classes for memeory management
strictfp: used to get the same result on every platform if we perform floating point variables.
super:It is used to refer to parent class objects
switch:
synchronized:it used for multithread environment.
         synchronization: to access of multiple threads to any shared resource.
		                 one thread can access to shared resource.
		 to prevent thread interference
		 to prevent constitnacy problems
		 
		 synchronized method
		 synchronized block
		 sttaic synchronization.
this:  used to refere curent class instance variable.
       invoke current class method
	   invoke(call) current class construcor
	   passed as argiment in method
	   
throw: expciticlty to throw an exception , which should be thrown, to create customized exceptions.
throws
transient
try
void
volatile
while
